Boruto manga chapter 1 summary:

At an unspecified point in the future, Boruto faces off against Kawaki on Naruto's destroyed face in the Hokage Rock. Overlooking the ruins of Konohagakure, Kawaki declares the age of shinobi over. Donning his damaged forehead protector and activating his dōjutsu, Boruto points out he is still a shinobi and charges towards Kawaki. Boruto thinks back to when he was a brat and resented shinobi, specifically his father who he believed did not pay enough attention to his family on account of being Hokage. Game Download

Boruto recalls a mission his team was assigned, subduing a bear. They succeeded in subduing the bear, but Konohamaru, while demonstrating the power of the Shinobi gauntlet, partially destroyed their client's residence. While reporting the outcome of the mission to Naruto, Katasuke interrupts them to ask for Naruto's permission to allow the use of the gauntlet in the Chūnin Exams, which Naruto denies. Boruto storms out of the meeting after hearing this, stating that things have changed from Naruto's time. Later, while providing Boruto with cheat codes for his video game, Katasuke suggests that the Chūnin Exams would be a way to show Naruto how strong he is. Game Download

At the training grounds, Moegi hands Team 10 their admission papers to the exam. Shikadai and Inojin are not very excited about the idea, prompting her to give them letters from their mothers, which promptly changes their minds. Shikadai and Inojin leave training hurriedly to meet with Boruto to play a quest in a video game at Thunder Burger. Sarada and Mitsuki find them to ask Boruto to participate in the Chūnin Exams, as it requires three-man teams. Inojin brings Boruto's attention back to the quest which prompts Boruto to send him his cheat codes to easily finish the quest. Shikadai gets upset at his use of codes and leaves, followed by Inojin, believing the fun of the game is grinding for experience.

Sarada and Mitsuki convince Boruto to take the exams to show off their abilities to the Hokage. Boruto argues that Naruto isn't that special and he heard that Sarada's dad is protecting Konoha from far away. Hinata and Himawari shout out to Boruto after stumbling across the team, while on their way home with groceries for Himawari's birthday. Boruto leaves with them. At the house, Naruto has arrived early to join them for the celebration. After dinner, Naruto brings out the cake while Boruto and Hinata sing happy birthday, but suddenly drops the cake on the floor, revealing himself to be a shadow clone. Boruto is angered by Naruto's inability to show up for his daughter's birthday, and Hinata tries to defend Naruto's situation.

Boruto exits the party and enters Naruto's empty home office, where he finds Naruto's orange jacket from when he was younger and throws it out the window. The doorbell rings, and Boruto, believing it to be Naruto, runs out to fight him. Opening the door, his fist is caught by Sasuke, who was looking for Naruto. Hinata informs him Naruto is still at the office. Sasuke leaves as Boruto looks on in awe. Game Download

Sasuke tosses Naruto a scroll from he found at Kaguya's castle, and the two discuss Boruto. Later, Boruto tries attacking Sasuke, who effortlessly avoids it. Impressed with Sasuke, Boruto asks to be his disciple.