Boruto manga chapter 22 summary:

Ao is injured from Boruto's attack but is still conscious. He notices that the scientific ninja tool on his arm has been broken, thus he cannot absorb jutsu anymore. Konohamaru then pushes Boruto out of the way before being shot unconscious by Ao's mirror drones. Ao says that he didn't want to use these drones if he didn't have to, and Boruto remarks that these tactics aren't characteristic of a ninja. Ao responds by saying that he's abandoned being a ninja and has instead transcended into becoming a new kind of human being, and then attacks Boruto with the drones. Boruto leaves Konohamaru with Sarada and Mitsuki and absorbs the attack with his scientific ninja tool. Boruto then attacks Ao with Shadow Clones, but then Ao grabs the Boruto with the scientific ninja tool on his arm, remarking that Shadow Clones couldn't copy complex machines such as scientific ninja tools. Ao then aims his chakra blade at Boruto's neck, much like how he did it with the screwdriver when the first met on the Thunder Train. Sarada tries to stop Ao, but Mitsuki restrains her to protect her from the drone attacks. Ao says he will get to them once he finishes Boruto. Boruto tells Ao that he has already lost and can't win against him, and then reveals that the Boruto Ao had apprehended was a Shadow Clone that had put on the absorption arm. Boruto then emerges from the ground holding the chakra blade and tells Ao that ninja must read what's underneath. Boruto then slices off Ao's prosthetic arm and leg with the chakra blade, followed by a Rasengan, sending Ao flying. Ao, unable to stand up, then admits defeat. Boruto points a screwdriver at Ao's neck, while Ao remarks that he could easily be killed with the screwdriver. Boruto drops the screwdriver, and Ao comments that he is just as soft as his father and that sooner or later, doing that would be fatal for him. Konohamaru then regains consciousness. Boruto comments on how Ao was an amazing shinobi, but he couldn't forgive him for killing Mugino. He then tells Ao that his power should be used in the right way, and then Konohamaru orders Ao to be extradited to Konoha. Konohamaru is impressed with Team 7, and Katasuke looks forward to their futures. Ao then sees Kashin Koji and yells his name. Koji summons a giant toad and causes the structure he was standing on to collapse onto Boruto. Ao uses a Water Release jutsu to push Boruto away from the collapsing rubble before Koji's toad crushes him to death. Koji asks Ao what motivated him to save Boruto's life, wondering if it was because he wanted to die a shinobi. He then introduces himself to Boruto.