Boruto manga chapter 23 summary:

Koji Kashin releases his toad summon and lands on the ground in front of Team 7. He congratulates them on defeating Ao before Konohamaru confronts him, asking him about Kara. Koji says that he does not have time to answer, and casts a sealing jutsu on the team. As he is about to burn them with fire, Konohamaru releases the sealing jutsu, and goes to attack Koji, telling the team that he is prepared to die to protect them. He creates a Rasengan that, to his surprise, is met with Koji's own Rasengan, created without the use of Scientific Ninja Tools. Boruto is shocked that someone other than his father and Konohamaru can use the Rasengan. Koji praises Konohamaru for his skill, but says that he still has a long way to go, before exploding a toad that was planted on Konohamaru's body, covering him in fire. Koji explains that the fire on him is known as the True Fire of Samadhi, and it can never be extinguished. To Koji's disbelief, Boruto reaches out to Konohamaru and activates the Karma seal on his hand, absorbing the flames. Konohamaru passes out, and Koji remarks that he did not expect to see the Karma seal here, having thought Naruto was the one who defeated Momoshiki. Boruto tells Koji that he thinks too highly of himself. Sarada, Mitsuki, and Katasuke look at Boruto in awe. Boruto then collapses, and Sarada rushes in to protect him. Koji remarks that it seems like it is the first time Boruto has used this power, before turning around and starting to. He thanks Team 7 for killing Ao, ignoring Sarada's questions about what happened to Boruto. Sarada then charges at Koji with a kunai, before being stopped by Mitsuki, who says that they need to make sure Boruto and Konohamaru are safe. Koji tells Mitsuki he has made a wise decision, expected of Orochimaru's child. Later, as Boruto and Konohamaru are being walked home, Sarada wonders what Boruto's power was. As the team prepares to return to the village, Mitsuki notices a puppet, a different one from the ones near the blimp. They noticed that it was quite far away from the blimp, and that it was quite cold, meaning that it had been a long time since it was broken. It was also completely destroyed, suggesting that whoever destroyed it had a huge combat ability. Konohamaru wonders if someone in possession of cargo escaped to their location. Chamaru calls their attention to a boy near some more destroyed puppets. He is passed out, but Katasuke thinks that he is alive based on Chamaru's reaction. Konohamaru is concerned that it might be a trap, but Boruto ignores him and rushes to the boy. Boruto then notices that the boy has the same Karma seal as him.