Boruto manga chapter 24 summary:

Delta and Jigen share a meal. Delta worries about what is taking Koji Kashin so long to retrieve Kara's 'vessel'. Jigen, however, is confident in Koji's abilities and believes that he would never abandon a mission. Jigen then wonders if something stimulated his curiousity, before Delta kicks away and destroys the table. Frustrated, she asks Jigen what he has to say about the postponement of recovering the 'vessel,' to which he replies that he hasn't finished his meal yet. He then creates a new table with wine and some food, reassuring Delta that the vessel will return eventually and that it could not escape him. Delta asks Jigen if she could check out the situation firsthand, and Jigen agrees, albeit telling her that it is a mission for Koji and it should be carried out according to his plans. He tells her to inform him if any issues arise, and Delta leaves, leaving Jigen to enjoy his meal. Meanwhile, the Konoha shinobi observe the passed out boy, noting that he must have been very exhausted and that his injuries were just abrasions. Konohamaru mentions that it is worrisome that this boy shares the same mark on his hand as Boruto. Boruto then feels a throb of pain in his mark, which the boy also felt. In the boy's dream, he remembers back to when his drunkard, abusive father sold him to Jigen. Jigen tells the boy, named Kawaki, to make himself at ease. Jigen tells Kawaki that he is now his father and that there is nothing to be afraid of. Kawaki then starts to stir and Konohamaru, sensing danger, tells everyone to get away from him. Kawaki wakes up screaming not to touch him before sending out a large blast of energy, knocking everyone back. Konohamaru sees this as proof that Kawaki was strong enough to take down the puppets. Kawaki asks the team if they are pursuers from Kara, to which Konohamaru replies that they are Konoha shinobi. Koji Kashin watches the ordeal from a distance before noticing Delta approach him from behind. Koji asks Delta if she brought an outer, and she replies that she brought Garo, wanting to see what he could do. Meanwhile, Kawaki asks what the Konoha shinobi wanted from him, and Konohamaru reassures him that they have no intention of harming him and were just investigating a crashed blimp, asking Kawaki what he knows about it. Kawaki tells them to leave him alone, but Konohamaru refuses and tells him that they must take guardianship of him. Kawaki then threatens to kill them before Boruto reaches out his hand, showing that he has the same mark as Kawaki. Delta asks what the meaning of this is. Kawaki asks why Boruto has the Karma mark, and Koji wonders what will happen between the two Karma. Seeing this, Kawaki is certain that the team are pursuers from Kara, and ignores Boruto and Sarada's requests to listen to them. They are then interrupted by Garo, who arrived to retrieve Kawaki, the vessel. Seeing the Konoha shinobi in contact with Kawaki, he notes that Ao had failed and that he was a disgrace to the outers. Kawaki gets angry at Garo for treating him like an object, and mentions that he destroyed his jaw. Garo tells Kawaki that he will take him home, mentioning that he still had a grudge before attacking. Kawaki quickly avoids the attack and attacks Garo. The attack is easily blocked, and Garo notes that Kawaki has been considerably weakened, saying that this task will now be simple. Kawaki responds by saying that his handicap will make it a fairer fight.