Boruto manga chapter 25 summary:

Kawaki leaps away from Garo and extends his morphed arm at him. Garo jumps and avoids the attack and tries shooting Kawaki with his scientific arm. Kawaki removes his morphed arm and runs away from the attack to dodge it. He then throws parts of his morphed arm at Garo. Team Konohamaru watches in awe, and while Katasuke notes that Garo is using a generic scientific ninja tool, he wonders about what is up with Kawaki's body. Garo notes that Kawaki is already out of breath, and Kawaki angrily attacks him in response. Garo blocks his attack and pins him down with his mechanical arm, sending an attack straight through his body. He then picks up a passed out Kawaki, telling him that if he had just followed orders, he wouldn't have had to experience such pain. Boruto starts to run towards Garo, but is stopped by Konohamaru, who says that they shouldn't move recklessly and that the priority was to protect their lives. Meanwhile, Delta, watching from afar, complains about Garo's rough handling of Kawaki, and says that they should replace everything in Kawaki, starting with his brain. Koji Kashin tells her to calm down. As Garo is about to break Kawaki's arms and legs, Boruto's karma activates, and while Garo is distracted, Kawaki's karma activates as well. Kawaki then instantly destroys one of Garo's mechanical arms, who wonders where he got that sort of power from. Kawaki starts approaching Garo as his and Boruto's karma marks reach their faces. Garo tries shooting Kawaki, but his attack is instantly absorbed by karma. Mitsuki notes he did the same thing as what Boruto did earlier. Kawaki then morphs his arm, punching a hole through Garo's stomach. As Garo falls to his knees, Kawaki removes his morphed arm, puts his hand on Garo's head, and blows him up, creating a crater around him. Delta praises him for blow away the Konoha shinobi, but Koji tells her to look closer. Boruto had absorbed Kawaki's attack and protected the team. Kawaki notes that the shinobi didn't know about the karma, but still believed they were part of Kara. Koji notes that the two karma were definitely in resonance, and wonders if this is why Jigen was so fixated on Kawaki. Kawaki and Boruto's karma deactivate, and Kawaki falls unconcious. Delta asks Koji if she should take care of the Konoha shinobi, but Koji tells her that they shouldn't get involved. Katasuke notes that Kawaki's body is not ordinary, and more specifically, that his entire body is a scientific ninja tool. Delta questions Koji's decisions on letting the shinobi take the vessel, but Koji insists on gathering information. He says that it is pointless to be concerned with information leaking, as they still will be forced to give in to Kara at the end. Katasuke is amazed by Kawaki's body, stating that it is on par or even superior to the Seventh Hokage's prosthetic hand. Katasuke is thrilled by the fact that there are other genius scientists out there. Boruto asks if Kawaki can be fixed, but Katasuke says that it is impossible. Mitsuki wonders if Kawaki was manufactured out of nothing just like how he was produced from cloning technology. Boruto and Sarada are surprised by this, and Mitsuki reveals that he is a clone of a shinobi named Orochimaru. Katasuke tells Mitsuki that while he was produced with organic technology based on genetic engineering, Kawaki was a human being who was made into 'something different through inorganic technology. The team decides to head back to the village to decide what to do with Kawaki.