Boruto manga chapter 26 summary:

Inside a laboratory, there are several children inside tubes filled with liquid. Jigen takes Kawaki to meet Amado, telling him that this is the last child. Jigen reassures Kawaki that there is nothing to be afraid of, and that if he accepts Jigen as his father, he will not be empty anymore. Jigen then tells Kawaki that if they become parent and child, he will be given a valuable gift. Kawaki then wakes up in the Konoha hospital, surrounded by Konohamaru, Naruto, and Shikamaru. He asks where he is, and Naruto assures him that he is in a safe place. Konohamaru says that they couldn't just leave him collapsed and exhausted, and tries to talk with Kawaki. However, he immediately rolls out of bed and tries climbing out of the window. Shikamaru stops him with Shadow Paralysis and tells him that if they wanted to do something to him, they would have done it already. Naruto introduces himself to Kawaki as the Seventh Hokage, the head of the village. Earlier, Shikamaru had disagreed with Naruto about keeping Kawaki in the village, in fear of Kara coming to recapture him, or even the possibility that Kawaki is a spy. Naruto responds by saying that he will personally look over Kawaki, talking about his experiences as a Jinchūriki and how people were afraid of him. Shikamaru tells him that this isn't a decision that he can make on his own. Katasuke explains the scientific ninja tools and the Karma inside Kawaki's body to the Five Kage, stating that the Karma renders his opponent's jutsu useless. The Kage agree that Kawaki is too dangerous to be ignored, and Naruto reassures them that he will monitor Kawaki at all times. The Kage believe that Naruto would be too busy with his normal duties to look over Kawaki, but Katasuke refutes this by showing that Naruto was sitting by Kawaki's bed while the meeting was taking place. Kurotsuchi wonders which Naruto was the shadow clone. Gaara agrees with Naruto's plan, being an ex-jinchuriki and knowing how it feels to be confined, and the rest of the Kage agree as well. Darui then asks about the Karma, and that Boruto has it as well. Naruto says that he doesn't understand it, but hopes that Boruto also having it will make Kawaki less wary towards them. Naruto and Kawaki then start walking home, but Kawaki tries to escape. Even though Kawaki ran quite a long way away, he sees Naruto standing right in front of him. At home, Hinata tells Kawaki to think of it as being in his own home. Naruto then asks Kawaki his name, but Kawaki thinks that he is trying to get information about Kara out of him. Naruto tells Kawaki that if they don't know who Kara is, they may not be able to protect him. Kawaki takes this as them trying to use him as bait to lure out Kara. Kawaki looks at his options for escaping the house, and decides to flip the table and run. Naruto then enters Nine-Tails Chakra Mode, and tells Kawaki that he won't take his eyes off him, and that it is his duty to protect the village. Kawaki thinks that Naruto might even be stronger than Jigen, realizing that it is useless to try and escape from him. Himawari comes into the room, and Naruto goes back to normal, reassuring her that everything is alright. Boruto then comes home, and Boruto and Kawaki instantly recognize each other, Boruto asking Kawaki why he is in his house. Naruto tells Boruto that Kawaki will be staying with them for a while. Boruto then notices that Himawari's flower vase was broken, instantly getting angry at Kawaki, as it was a gift Himawari made for her mother for her birthday. Kawaki gives a quick, meaningless apology, and the boys angrily introduce themselves to each other.