Boruto manga chapter 27 summary:

Hinata and Himawari throw away Himawari's broken vase, Hinata telling her that what was important were the feelings that went into making it. Boruto wakes up from his sleep and walks to the bathroom, needing to use the toilet. He sees Kawaki going to the bathroom as well. They argue about who gets to use the bathroom first, and the argument is about to break into a fight before Naruto, already in the bathroom, tells them to go behind the house. Behind the house, Boruto asks Kawaki why he lined up right beside him, and Kawaki replies with an insult. They then break into a fight, activating their Karma. Kawaki says that defeating Boruto is the only way to make him understand what he says, and Boruto feels the same about Kawaki. They are then stopped by Naruto's shadow clone, and he complains from the bathroom. Later on during a family meal, Naruto tells Boruto that he is sprinkling too much salt in his food, and Boruto responds that it feels kind of off for Naruto to be home all day. Himawari teases Boruto and says that he is happy about it, which Boruto denies. While Boruto is preparing to leave and checks to make sure he has everything he needs, Kawaki approaches him. Boruto says that they should continue their match another time before Kawaki asks where Boruto got his karma. Boruto explains that he got it from Momoshiki Ōtsutsuki, Kawaki finally realizing that Jigen was not involved. Boruto asks Kawaki how he got his karma, and Kawaki remembers back to when he was inside a test tube in Kara's laboratory. He is surrounded by other kids also in these tubes, and sees Amado and Jigen, hearing them talk about how the kids around them were failures and died. Amado asks Jigen how long he intends to continue, and Jigen responds by asking why they should stop. He tells Amado that they have neither time nor options, and that they just need one vessel. Kawaki witnesses the remaining children have karma spread through their body before dying. Jigen then tells Kawaki that he won't disappoint him. Kawaki tells Boruto that he remembers pain running through his body, and even thought he resigned himself to death, he had survived and the karma had been engraved onto him. Naruto listens to Kawaki's story from the hallway. Boruto insults Jigen for doing such things to children, and applauds Kawaki for surviving it. Kawaki then tells Boruto that he would rather have died than continue suffering in Kara. Kawaki and Boruto's karmas activate, and Kawaki asks Boruto if he wants to get rid of the karma, saying that as long as he has the karma, he can't be at peace. Boruto wonders if it is even possible to get rid of it, and Kawaki says that his objective is to investigate that, which is why he escaped. Kawaki then asks Boruto to cooperate with him to destroy the karma. Boruto says that this doesn't excuse him for destroying Himawari's flower vase, and tells him to make it up to her somehow. Kawaki restates that it was a mistake, and says that he will get a new one. Boruto says that he won't be satisfied by that, and storms out. While Kawaki stares at the broken pieces of the vase, Naruto approaches him and says not to worry about it and that Himawari isn't even concerned about it anymore. Kawaki says that he will go find a new one so Boruto can cooperate with him. Naruto realizes that Kawaki doesn't have any money, telling him not to steal a vase. Kawaki asks him what he should do instead, and Naruto tells him to follow him.