Boruto manga chapter 49 summary:

Isshiki floats above Konoha as bystanders take notice of him. Konoha ninja inform the bystanders that an emergency alert has been issued and start evacuations. Isshiki attempts to search for Kawaki with his Byakugan, but ultimately declares it's inefficient.

Naruto heads out to face Isshiki and Boruto tries to stop him, but Naruto rebuffs his attempt. Isshiki attempts to gain information about Kawaki's whereabouts from ninja on the street to no avail. Shikamaru and Sai take Amado and Kawaki to an unlisted and unused underground Anbu facility, which is also out of the Byakugan's line of sight. Sasuke holds Boruto back to talk him.

Isshiki and Naruto meet on top of a building, to Isshiki's surprise. Sasuke and Boruto talk about Boruto's possession by Momoshiki during his fight against Boro, and his status as Momoshiki's vessel. Boruto confesses that he is scared of being taken over by Momoshiki permanently because he doesn't want to hurt anyone against his own will. Isshiki and Naruto clash. Isshiki gains the upperhand on Naruto and but suddenly swaps places with Sasuke. Sasuke asks Naruto to cover him with projectiles while he executes his plan. They throw a barage of shuriken at Isshiki which he shrinks. Sasuke throws some more shuriken to redirect the trajectory of the shrunken ones so that they hit Isshiki in various places around his body. While he's stunned, Sasuke throws his sword at him which Isshiki tries to shrink. He's surprised when he can't and the sword transforms back into Boruto with his karma activated and wearing Sasuke's forehead protector.

Moments ago, back in the interrogation room, Sasuke had promised to Boruto that if he was taken over by Momoshiki, he would do everything in his power to stop him, even if he has to kill him. Boruto contemplates this, and requests that Sasuke let him borrow his forehead protector like when they fought Momoshiki while trying to rescue Naruto. Sasuke gives it to him and tells him to return it in person, which Boruto promises to do.

Back in the present, Boruto activates a time-space portal around himself and Isshiki using karma and transports them to a different dimension. Sasuke tracks Boruto's chakra and transports himself and Naruto to the dimension. They prepare to fight Isshiki as they're now given the opportunity to "go all out".