Boruto manga chapter 74 summary:

Arriving at Konoha, Eida & Daemon are welcomed by Shikamaru & Sai, while everyone else is in awe caused by Eida's infatuation ability. She then tells Shikamaru to skip the greeting as she knows his plan. Intrigued, she then tells him that she accepts his cohabitation proposition. Sai, under Eida's enchantment, offers to guide her to the house, but she rejects it, with Daemon replying that she doesn't like to stand out, and then flies towards the place since she knows the location. Shikamaru, surprised by her ability, is then told by Amado that flying is completely normal for the Ōtsutsuki lot, and that Boruto & Kawaki will also start zipping about before long. Shikamaru, unpleased to see Amado, tells him that he's going to spill everything he knows.

At the house residence, Boruto, Kawaki, and Konohamaru are chilling, complimenting about the place while waiting for Eida and Daemon to arrive at the place. Kawaki tells Boruto to quit being cheery, with Boruto then telling him to stop picking on him and being so uptight until Konohamaru reminds them, especially Boruto, the reason they're here. Kawaki thinks about the presence of Momoshiki standing next to Boruto back then.

In the distance, Sarada and Mitsuki are in position waiting for Eida's arrival, with Sarada claiming it's pointless to hide & watch her since she can see them. Mitsuki replies to her that Shikamaru just wants to put a little pressure on Eida. Though Sarada is worried of it backfiring, the two are then approached by Inojin, Shikadai, and Cho-Cho. Sarada asks why they are here, and they answer... saying they are curious with wanting to see Eida, with Cho-Cho claiming Eida as her rival for being gorgeous. As Inojin squabbles with Cho-Cho on the subject, Eida arrives at the household with Mitsuki sensing her, alerting Sarada. All of them are surprised she flew to the place. Eida stares back at them from a distance, which Inojin & Cho-Cho are then caught by her ability, infatuated. Sarada, unaffected by it, tells them to snap out of it. Shikadai, who is also unaffected by Eida's ability, says that he didn't get a good look at her face. Sarada tells Mitsuki that they need to report to Boruto & Kawaki, but notices Mitsuki also under her enchantment like the others, where he then questions the emotion he is feeling right now since it's very new to him. Eida moves on & continues entering the house and runs into Konohamaru, who is heading back to his post. He is then affected by her ability. Moegi arrives to pick up Team 10 and scolds them for coming to check out Eida. She tells them they're going to train for three hours non-stop as punishment and apologizes to Sarada. She then confirms with Sarada of Eida's arrival. She realizes Konohamaru is still inside and hopes that he's not infatuated over Eida, saying to be strong, and calls him Lil' Konohamaru. Eida, witnessing the whole thing with her Senrigan, calls Konohamaru out on how sweet of having a childhood friend, which she then calls him Lil' Konohamaru. Konohamarui responds, tumbling down the stairs and passing out, which grabs Kawaki & Boruto's attention. Seeing Konohamaru like this, Boruto learns that Eida is here and calls her name to come out and talk with them. Out of nowhere, Daemon appears and jumps on Boruto, greeting him in a rude-like way. He picks a fight with Kawaki, who then says that he isn't worth his time and tries to throw him out, until he uses his reflecting ability on him. Kawaki, confused on what just happened, uses Sukunahikona to throw rods at Daemon, which fails since he caught them. Boruto and Kawaki are in shock of him able to react that fast. Daemon then goes on the attack and kicks Kawaki, knocking him out. Boruto retaliates but is too slow to get a punch on Daemon, who also knocks him out after punching him. Eida walks in with both of them observing the unconscious two on the floor.

Sometime later, Boruto wakes up on the couch with Eida apologizing for the harsh greeting. Boruto reacts, saying that little fight was unnecessary and asks the reason for it, which Daemon answers saying he wanted to show him and Kawaki that defying them wouldn't end well for them. Kawaki wakes up on Eida's lap with her flustered. Daemon taunts Kawaki, asking him if her lap was nice & soft, but Kawaki brushes it off. While Eida tries to converse with Kawaki, Shikamaru interrupts, asking if they've met Eida and Daemon. Boruto replies and describes the greeting as a "Baptism by Fire" thanks to Daemon. Shikamaru apologizes and tells them that Amado is here and that he's going to tell them everything he knows about the siblings. Boruto then says that this is going to be quite the mission.